What are you doing?
If I don't come again
I don't know what you're going to do yet
Dad, did your head get squeezed by a mosquito?
He actually returned to the tripod without telling me
Do you know that the western Zhou Dynasty is now full of yellow sand and people are not living well
Mengsha Zhou Clan Leader is saving me some face
What face do you have?
I'll tell you what.
Quickly apologize to the Dragon Lord
I am willing to fulfill by Mengsha
Hunyuan is fooling around, I will never agree
Liu Mengsha, a female of the Western Zhou Dynasty, is willing to fulfill the marriage contract
To clarify with the Lord
Chen Family Liu Family Heavenly Girl Big Brother
What should we do?
Why don't I ask my daughter's opinion?
Liu Mengsha
Do you think you can recover your losses by marrying him?
I tell you he won't let us go
Kyushu Chaos Kyushu killed him
That's right.
Kill him, who dare I?
General Meng Yu
You have to fight me yes so what
Then don't blame me for being polite.
An accident happened to King Qi
Kill me